SUSTAIN name file
=================

The SUSTAIN program reads a name file that contains instructions
as to which files to read and write and the parameters to control how the calculations to be performed.
A baseline name file is provided with the model files.
If you could not find the baseline name file, please contact us for support.
Otherwise, you could follow the file format listed below to construct a new name file, or modify the example name file provided below.

Variables
---------

In the SUSTAIN name file, the lines starting with '#' are comments and will not be read by SUSTAIN.
An effective line starts with a variable name followed by the value of the variable.
Attentions:

 1. a variable and its value must and can only be separated by at least one space
 2. variable names are case insensitive
 3. The variables in the name file can appear in any order.

Below is a list of the variables that may appear in the parameter file.
Other variables not in the list will be skipped.

Global variables
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

``PROJNAME`` *projectName*
  The PROJNAME variable is the project name, e.g. *baseline*.

``MASTER`` *masterDir*
  The MASTER variable is used to specify the master directory.
  This variable **must**  be reset to your local computer setting after you download the data or transfer the data.
  All other directories are set relative to the master directory.

``OUTDIR`` *outputDir*
  The OUTDIR variable sets the output directory.
  In this directory, you should find the ``RAW`` directory generated with the watershed model or other MODFLOW output files.
  All the new files generated by ``SUSTAIN`` will be placed in this directory.
  The output directory must created before writing any data to it.

Temporal variables
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
``HisSDATE`` *historical_startDate*
  The HisMFSDATE variable specifies the starting date of the historical simulation.
  It needs to be in the format ``YYYY-MM-DD`` such as 2001-01-01.

``FutSDATE`` *future_startDate*
  The MFSDATE variable specifies the starting date of the future simulation.
  It needs to be in the format ``YYYY-MM-DD`` such as 2001-01-01.


Spatial variables
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
``DIM`` *nLay nRow nCol*
  DIM sets the model grid dimensions naming numbers of layers, rows and columns.

``LowerLeft`` *Xll Yll*
    The LowerLeft variable sets the real-world coordinates (usually in the Nebraska State Plane Coordinate System with feet as unit) of the lower left corner of the model grid.

``GEOREF`` *CSV*
  The GEOREF variable sets the file path of the CSV file containing the locations of georeferencing locations used as in map (zones or groundwater level) plots.
  Note that a ``*.csv(comma delimited)`` file needed to be used. The CSV file must contains the X, Y and Name columns.

``MASK`` *maskFile*
  The MASK variable sets the file path of the mask that specifies the MODFLOW active areas.


Watershed model variables
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
``HisYr`` *historical_call_year_table*
  The HisYr variable sets the file path for the historical call year tables (CSV file). A call year table include two columns including the model year and the actual year.

``FutYr`` *future_call_year_table*
  The FutYr variable sets the file path for the future call year tables (CSV file). A call year table include two columns including the model year and the actual year.
  For `future` simulation, it usually repeats the historical simulation. The call year table defines the actual historical years are used for each future model years.

``CROP`` *InCropTypes*
  The IRRI variable sets the crop names used in the watershed input files.

``LUCROP`` *OutCropTypes*
  The LUCROP variable sets the crop names used in the raw watershed output files.

``IRRI`` *InIrrigationTypes*
  The IRRI variable sets the irrigation types used in the watershed input files.

``LUIRRI`` *OutIrrigationTypes*
  The LUIRRI variable sets the irrigation types used in the raw watershed output files.

``COEFF``
  The COEFF variable sets the file path of the watershed coefficients for varying zone and soil combinations.
  The columns in this file can include `Zone`, `Soil`, DryETAdj, IrrETadj, NIRadjFactor, AEgadj, Fslgw, DryETtoRO, AEsadj, Fslsw, PertoRchg, DPadj, ROadj, CMsplit.

``COEFFRO``
  The COEFFRO variable sets the CSV file path of the runoff coefficient (``loss_per_mile``) table whose rows are `zones` and columns are `soils`.

``CELLLOC``
  The CELLLOC variable sets the file path of the coefficient location file. The columns in this file can include `Cell`, `Soil`, `CoefZone`, `ROZone`, `MiToGage`.

Groundwater model variables
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
``HisMFNAM`` *historical_MF_namefile*
  The MFNAM variable sets the file path of the MODFLOW name files of the historical MODFLOW simulation. # (See :doc:`../files/mfname`).

``FutMFNAM`` *future_MF_namefile*
  The MFNAM variable sets the file path of the MODFLOW name files of the future MODFLOW simulation. # (See :doc:`../files/mfname`).

``NCBB`` *cbbFileNum*
  The NCBB variable sets the file number for the cell-cy-cell flow file output by the baseline MODFLOW model.

``NHDS`` *hdsFileNum*
  The NHDS variable sets the file number for the groundwater head file output by the baseline MODFLOW model.

``NDDN`` *dnnFileNum*
  The NDDN variable sets the file number for the drawdown file output by the baseline MODFLOW model.


### TODO: Update Example

Example name file
-----------------

::

  # Comment starts with '#'
  # Attentions:
  #   1. a variable and its value must and can be separated by at one or more spaces
  #   2. variable names are case insensitive

  ###########################################################
  #################### Global Parameter #####################
  ###########################################################

  PROJNAME baseline
  MASTER D:\UNW\gui-lite\unw-full
  OUTDIR rswb\Run019\Results



  ###########################################################
  ##################### Grid Parameter ######################
  ###########################################################

  DIM 2  92  135
  SHPGEOREF city.shp
  SHPGEOREFLBL
  SHPGRID zones\UNW_WholeGrid.shp
  SHPGRIDROW ROW
  SHPGRIDCOL COL
  MASK modflow\ibound.txt


  ###########################################################
  ################### Watershed Section #####################
  ###########################################################
  YEARS   rswb\Run019\Inputs\historicalyear.csv rswb\Run019\Inputs\futureyear.csv
  COEFF   rswb\Run019\Inputs\CoefTest_MZ.txt
  COEFFRO rswb\Run019\Inputs\ROZoneCoef.txt
  CELLLOC rswb\Run019\Inputs\CellLoc3mz.csv
  CROP Corn SugarBeets EdibleBeans Alfalfa WinterWheat Potatoes Milo Sunflower SoyBeans SmallGrain Fallow Past
  LUCROP Corn Sugar_Beets E_Beans Alfalfa W_Wheat Potatoes Sorghum Sunflower Soybeans S_Grains Fallow Pasture
  IRRI Dry GW SW CO
  LUIRRI Dry GW SW CO


  ###########################################################
  #################### MODFLOW Section ######################
  ###########################################################


  MFNAM baseline\historical.nam baseline\future.nam
  MFSDATE 1960-01-01 2011-01-01
  MFDISSKIP 3873

  NCBB 50
  NHDS 30
  NDDN 31

  MFHDRY -1.000000e+030
